---

title: Legal Information
description: Build your own 68% Mechanical Keyboard! Find all information about the Circuit Board, Aluminium Case, and TMK Firmware. A complete shopping list helps you with ordering all parts, and a detailed guide with photos supports you in building your own keyboard!
image: /images/og/splash.jpg

robots: NOINDEX, FOLLOW

---

### Publisher

*German legal information in accordance with section 5 TMG and person responsible for content in accordance with 55 Abs. 2 RStV:*

Sebastian Müller\
Palmaille 124b\
22767 Hamburg\
Germany

### Contact

Mail: [bonjour@68keys.io](mailto:bonjour@68keys.io)\
Phone: [+49 151 54649055](tel:+4915154649055)

### License

Everything is published using [BY-NC-SA Creative Commons][1] and source are available on [GitHub][7]. All Photos are contributed by [Julia Kestner][2] and shared with the same license.

Icons are from [Nucleo][8] and used with the [Nucleo Standard License][9].

### Donations

If you enjoyed this and want to show your love, [Dogecoins](http://dogecoin.com/) are much appreciated:

<code class="wallet">D8mKpbfGxHgadKdgoewkmXETN4JCgj92Xw</code>

### Disclaimer

The content of [68Keys.io][3] has been created with the utmost care. However, I cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, I am furthermore responsible for my own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that I am accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. My obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per §§ 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).

Responsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to me at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to me, I will remove the respective link immediately.

### Privacy Statement

Your personal data is processed in accordance with the provisions of German data privacy laws. The following provisions describe the type, scope and purpose of collecting, processing and utilizing personal data. This data privacy policy applies only these web pages. If links route you to other pages, please inquire there about how your data is handled in such cases.

#### Web analysis with Google Analytics

This website uses [Google Analytics][6], a web analysis service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, i.e. text files stored on your computer to enable analysis of website usage by you.

Information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. Your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about website activities, and provide further services related to your usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data by Google. You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser softwar. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google, by downloading and installing a [browser plug-in][4].

#### Information about cookies

To optimize this web presence, these pages use [cookies][5]. These are small text files stored in your computer's main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. This allows me to improve access to this site. You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a *disable cookies* option in your browser settings.

[1]: https://github.com/sbstjn/68Keys.io/blob/master/LICENSE.md
[2]: http://julia-kestner.de
[3]: https://68Keys.io
[4]: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
[5]: https://cookiesandyou.com/
[6]: https://analytics.google.com/
[7]: https://github.com/sbstjn/68keys.io
[8]: https://nucleoapp.com
[9]: https://nucleoapp.com/license